Sejin EAT-1010R2 keyboard (#19809)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/sejin_eat1010r2/readme.md

# QMK-based firmware for Sejin EAT-1010R2 keyboard

* Keyboard Maintainer: [DmNosachev](https://github.com/DmNosachev)
* Hardware Supported: Sejin EAT-1010R2 (membrane keyboard, Sejin
Futaba-mount dome, Asian 101 ISO layout), Blue/Black Pill STM32F103 MCU 
oard. Alternatevely you can use any MCU which is supported by QMK and
has 27 or more IO pins

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb handwired/sejin_eat1010r2 -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make handwired/sejin_eat1010r2:default
    
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make handwired/sejin_eat1010r2:default:flash

```
